ABBY: Previously on Dance Moms...
Every single one of you
are going to be auditioning
for Drop Dead Diva.
(cheering)
Now take it from the top.
I--I'm done.
(dance music playing)
JILL: Our time at the Candy Apples
may be drawing to a close.
ABBY: Melissa, I'm taking her over
to the other competition
and she's going to do "Cry."
KELLY: It's blatantly obvious
that she brought a costume for Maddie,
and didn't bring one for Chloe
or Nia or Paige.
This is the (bleep) that happens.
We're bitter about the way
the deck is constantly stacked.
ABBY: Coming up on Dance Moms...
We are doing the routine
about a vampire.
(cheering)
ABBY: Bite her!
Hello?
CAROL (over phone):
Hi. My name is Carol,
and I'm the casting director
for Drop Dead Diva.
Fix this hair because it's horrible.
-Horrible.
-Why don't you fix your hair
and fix your face and your body
and everything else?
CHRISTI: She makes sure that Maddie
has the best choreography.
You know it's true.
HOLLY: Your kid is uncomfortable.
CHRISTI: Are you going to tattle on us?
MELISSA: Yeah.
I'm going to go tattle on you.
ABBY: Can you curl your toes?
(theme music playing)
SINGER: ♪Get up♪
♪Get on the floor♪
♪My world is with my girls♪
♪Living on the dance floor♪
(dramatic music playing)
ABBY: Girls! Come on! Let's go!
Let's go, ladies!
Holly is busy?
She'll be here.
Well, we went to Starbound.
We proved that you are
National Champions, once again.
ANNOUNCER:
Your top Overall Junior Group,
"All Kids Go,"
Abby Lee Dance Company!
(cheering)
It's much, much, much
more fun to win, ladies.
All right, now let's talk about this week.
We are headed...
(tense music playing)
Hi, everyone.
Abby, can I talk to you?
-ABBY: Jill--
-Yeah, we had some differences.
You know what?
I'm right in the middle of...
-I know.
-...the pyramid.
You know how this works.
I do know how it works.
I made a mistake going to Candy Apples.
You guys know that.
KELLY: Are you practicing your death drop?
JILL: It was a mistake.
And I would really like for you
to find a spot for Kendall
on this team, like you did once before.
I know--
ABBY: Jill, I don't have time
for this today.
-I understand that.
-I have solo's, I have a group.
We have a competition this weekend.
I want to be there with you.
I--I think that Kendall can fit
right in this group.
-ABBY: Kendall--
-JILL: She did it once before.
She can do it, again.
CHRISTI: I guess Candy Apples
just didn't give Jill what she wanted,
you know, a starring role in every number,
a featured spot, a special part.
So here she is, hop, hop, hop, hopping
right back to the Abby Lee Dance Company.
You are off your rocker.
JILL: All I want
is what's best for Kendall.
Hey, I wanted
what was best for Kendall,
and you didn't give me time to do that.
-I know I made a mistake.
-ABBY: You should be--
-I'll pack my bags...
-ABBY: The reason I did this--
...and go home right now.
Is that--would that make you guys
all really happy?
No. That will not make me happy.
Because that's what I'm doing!
-ABBY: And you know who's going to lose?
-I'm sick of this (bleep)!
Are you going to turn my child away
knowing she's got talent
and she belongs in this group?
I'm in the middle of a rehearsal!
Right. You know what? Rehearse.
I cannot believe this.
I am literally speechless.
Jill came in with a hot new hairdo
and a whole new wardrobe,
but it's still the same old Jill.
You know what, Abby?
Here. You hold your picture.
She deserves to be on that pyramid.
KELLY: Who walks into pyramid,
right in the middle,
and just shoves their kid in there?
I think it's totally desperate.
-ABBY: Girls!
-JILL: You go on.
ABBY: Girls, this is not about friends.
Do you want to see Kendall?
Invite her to your house.
This is my business.
Can you find it in your heart
to allow Kendall...
-Jill.
-JILL: ...to be a part of this team?
Jill, I will be glad to talk to you
at a later date.
Okay.
ABBY: I am furious with Jill.
How she thinks
she's going to walk back in here
and get this kid back on the team,
it's not this girl's fault.
She's a great dancer.
Let her rehearse.
Stick her on the end.
It's not a big deal.
Now, we're going
to Starpower in Lancaster.
Not very far, but a big competition.
Lots of people from New Jersey
and the New York area
will be in attendance.
It's a really big deal.
They enter 50, 60 numbers.
We're going with one group.
Moving on to the pyramid--
on the bottom of the pyramid,
Mackenzie.
When things are done
in "The Contagion"
and you do it first
and then Paige and then Nia,
when you do it so fast,
you make Paige and Nia look like
they're off,
like they're the ones that are wrong.
Next, Nia.
The area walkover got you into trouble.
Don't let it happen again.
You need to slow down.
Paige, you really didn't do anything wrong
but you're part of the trio,
so you have to take responsibility for it.
Chloe.
Chloe, it was good
but you get into those categories
with 11 and 12-year-olds,
and you never get up there
where I think you belong.
Next, I have Brooke.
Brooke, you did a great job.
Your technique was clean.
From where I was sitting,
I thought your facial expressions
were wonderful.
I thought you were outstanding.
And on top of the pyramid, Maddie.
You went out there in "9:00 to 12:00"
and you won at nine years old.
CHRISTI: Maddie wins all the time,
and it's not that we're jealous
of Maddie's victories.
I would never rub Chloe's victories
in anyone else's faces.
If anything, I try to downplay
any kind of success Chloe has
because you don't want to create
any kind of animosity
and tension between these girls.
Maddie, you will be doing a solo
this week entitled
"I Can't Find the Words."
Paige, you also have a solo
this weekend.
(applause)
Your music is entitled
"Creme de la Creme."
KELLY: Paige is getting a solo this week
and I'm very excited.
Because I thought after
I changed her last solo,
that it would be a while
before Paige got another one.
Nia, you have a solo this weekend.
(cheering and applause)
The music is entitled
"Workin' Girl" by Laquifa.
(cheering and applause)
SINGER: ♪Laquifa,what?♪
♪Laquifa, what?♪
ABBY: I would like to see Nia
move back up the pyramid.
And this Laquifa number
has Nia written all over it.
Ladies, we will be performing
a group routine about a vampire.
So I will be bringing a boy.
(cheering)
MACKENZIE: I think boys are icky.
Icky, icky, icky, icky, icky!
(laughs)
ABBY: So, moms, you are dismissed.
We have a lot of work to do.
(upbeat music playing)
Hey, Nick, come on in.
MADDIE: Nick!
When do you do partner work,
it's very important that
you're comfortable with your partner,
that you trust.
That makes Nick's job
a whole lot easier.
These girls trust him.
Nick, you know why you're here?
-Huh?
To lift! All right.
Five, six--run, Maddie.
You're going this way.
MADDIE: I'm so excited that
Nick's in our group dance
and he's playing the vampire.
And we're in a trance.
And everybody's telling us he's bad,
don't like him,
but we can't help it.
Quit laughing at my hair.
-I love your hair.
-I actually think that...
It's cute.
...think you think that you look really...
-I think it looks cute.
-...young.
When you first walked in the door
I'm like, oh, my God.
-Is that Cathy?
-KELLY: Ew!
CHRISTI: And I'm sorry.
(laughter)
I might not know if she's going to--
You have guts, girlfriend.
JILL: I know.
But she wouldn't let me
put her picture on the pyramid.
I--as she should.
(laughs)
I'm just saying,
I thought she'd be like,
-yeah, put her at the bottom.
-Really?
Did you seriously think
that walking in the door
and saying to Abby,
put her in the group,
would work out in your favor?
Because that's unexpected, to me.
JILL: She wouldn't talk to me.
I said, we--can we--can we talk?
KELLY: What's there to talk about?
She's dancing.
Jill keep saying that she wants Kendall
to have an opportunity.
Kendall did have an opportunity.
She auditioned for our company,
she made it,
and Jill blew her top and left.
Top, ball change, glissade, Russian.
I need time to think about this.
Jill took Kendall to another studio,
my arch rival in Ohio.
Big mistake.
Now she thinks,
I'm just going to show up,
she's going to put us back on the team.
Wrong.
I'm hoping that you can understand...
CHRISTI: I do you understand
because I see--
...why I left.
I couldn't tolerate no--
But I have to tell you,
when I saw your daughter do her solo
a couple weeks ago,
I was so disappointed
-in the choreography.
-I know.
CHRISTI: Jill is back for five minutes,
and already Melissa
is best friends with her, again.
I don't think there's anything honest
about Jill.
Now she even lies about her hair color,
not that I ever would.
You know what, Kendall?
Time has come.
You're finished for the night.
I have a lot of thinking to do.
Understood?
(dramatic music playing)
Oh, no.
Well, she's not crying.
ABBY: I don't have time to deal with Jill.
I have to worry about this group number.
It's an amazing number.
I intend to win at Starpower.
One, two--
give me a little, like,
a half a head roll, like,
a--
"Creme de la Creme"
is real dancing.
There's no cutesy stuff.
It is full-on difficult.
I don't want any other mommy-ography
in my numbers.
Paige needs to learn
to do what she was given.
(dance music playing)
Tilt. Pitch.
SINGER: ♪And the more that you do♪
♪The better it gets♪
♪Make them stop♪
♪Make them stare♪
♪No one else...♪
Abby, can we talk now?
I know--
Well, I'm right in the middle
of Paige's private.
-I know how busy you are.
-ABBY: Wait. Wait, wait, wait.
Jill, stand right over there.
I'm going to let her do it again
and I will just dismiss her,
and I could talk to you.
Come on, Paige.
KELLY: Paige finally got a solo
and a proper rehearsal,
and Jill comes busting
in the room during her private.
It's ridiculous.
I don't know how Cathy does it,
but we keep working,
working, working, working.
And that's what I want for my kid.
And I need to know, Abby,
are you going to let Kendall
come back in this group.
Well, you didn't sign anything.
You didn't tell anybody you were here.
I think coming into the room
was really inappropriate.
I--I didn't have any choice,
and I thought
you would understand that.
I don't want to invest my energy
into your kid
to have it walk out the door
in six months
because Mommy's not happy.
Jill has a whole lot of groveling to do
and a whole lot of paperwork to sign
before this kid is back on any team
at the Abby Lee Dance Company.
Hey, let's go, Paige.
(upbeat music playing)
Walk, walk, walk, woo-woo!
Walk, walk, walk, woo-hoo!
Smaller steps.
Wah!
One, two, three, woo-hoo!
Ready?
The "Workin' Girl" number for Nia
is kind of about her mother, Dr. Holly.
We all know that
she is the original working girl.
You know, no one ever had a job
and raised any kids before her.
You're making the walk--no.
Nia!
I keep talking about stepping out
on that stage,
doing the walk, and its that entrance.
Right, left, right ball change.
Hello!
-Holly...
-What's been going on?
CHRISTI: ...you are never going to believe
who came into pyramid today.
I'll give you three guesses.
-(Kelly laughs)
-Jill?
-Yes!
-What's she doing in pyramid?
And she had her 900 voice on.
That what I said. But wait.
-No, even better...
-HOLLY: Oh.
...she got Kelly's haircut
and it's blonde.
-(laughs)
-MELISSA: My color.
Oh, my God.
Truth be told, I didn't like
last year's Laquifa dance.
It was not a signature dance
that I was really proud of Nia performing,
and Nia didn't do well with it last year.
(upbeat music playing)
And you're stepping
and finishing the turn,
and you're really running in
and finishing the turn.
Yeah?
Hello?
CAROL (over phone):
Hi. My name is Carol,
and I'm the casting director
for Drop Dead Diva.
The girl's audition for a role
on Drop Dead Diva.
I've been anxiously awaiting this call.
Hi, how are you?
CAROL (over phone):
I just wanted to let you know
that after watching all of the auditions,
we have decided that
we are going to go with...
(suspenseful music playing)
ABBY: Hello?
CAROL (over phone):
Hi. My name is Carol,
and I'm the casting director
for Drop Dead Diva.
ABBY: Hi. How are you?
CAROL (over phone):
I just wanted to let you know
that after watching all of the auditions
for the role of Young Deb,
we have decided that we
are going to go with Maddie.
She did a great, great reading.
Her--her dance was beautiful
and we thought that she was great.
And we decided to go with her.
-HOLLY: Something's going on.
-CHRISTI: No.
They just said Maddie got Drop Dead Diva.
-HOLLY: How do you know?
-Because the kids just told me.
-Oh.
-ABBY: All right.
Super. Thank you so much.
And isn't it funny
how they wanted a blonde
and she's the only one that auditioned
that wasn't a blonde?
CHRISTI: And isn't it funny that
I'm pretty sure that Maddie had that part
before she even auditioned for it.
CAROL (over phone):
Thank you. Have a good day.
-I'll talk to you later.
-Okay.
-CAROL (over phone): Bye-bye.
-Bye-bye.
(screams)
Are you excited?
CHRISTI: I think all the other girls know
that it's not a level playing field.
So it's no big surprise
when Maddie gets chosen for parts.
I think the girls are used to it,
but they shouldn't have to be.
HOLLY: I know how things like this work.
And it's political and they already have
the ones they wanted.
KELLY: I don't even know why
they have our kids audition for things.
CHRISTI: Because it's real.
-It's a real part, so--
-HOLLY: Well, I wouldn't--
We just auditioned for the show
because Maddie was slated for that part
before she ever opened her mouth.
I always said that that role
had someone's name on it.
And in my mind, that child was Maddie.
ABBY: Go tell your mom you got the job.
Woo-hoo!
The part goes to Maddie.
Is Maddie the best?
Who knows.
It's not about being the best,
it's about being right for the part.
(dramatic music playing)
Good job, honey!
-I'm so proud of you.
-MADDIE: Thank you.
-Congratulations.
-I'm so excited.
Excited?
It's not fair to Maddie.
When she gets a job
I want her to be excited.
If any of the other girls got it,
all the moms would be jumping
and screaming and hipping and hollering.
But when it's my daughter
they get jealous.
Honey, I'm excited for you.
Thanks.
HOLLY: I'm sure all of your team members
are excited, too, for you.
MADDIE: When Miss Abby announced
that I got the part,
I was just smiling and I tried
to stay as humble as I could.
Because I didn't want to have
my other friends feel bad.
I'm proud of you, honey.
Go back into class.
Good job.
-Thank you.
-CHRISTI: Congratulations.
I just wish that things
were fair and even.
Abby absolutely 100% made sure
that Maddie was going to get that role,
come hell or high water.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Whoa!
I see some bad feet
sitting right there.
Stop with the hair.
It keeps on falling out. Why?
Because you have too much hair!
Posture.
Go.
SINGER: ♪ ...you've lost your faith♪
♪There's nothing more...♪
I need to put my best foot forward
at Starpower.
I'm going to pull out a winning number.
It's about a vampire
and little girls that are dreaming
Mr. Right.
The number is really cool.
Let him bite you.
It's okay if you're late.
Boom!
He's really holding onto that arm.
Girls, just make sure you're over there.
Abby, I'm going to send her
in rehearsal.
I wasn't sure what time it was,
so she's here.
Go ahead, baby.
Oh, she's shoving her in, again.
-Yup.
-Look at her.
HOLLY: Oh, there's Jill!
She looks like a different person.
She's in the Witness Protection Program.
She's trying to escape Cathy.
I think I like it the other color better.
Jill, when I left here last night
I had two more meetings.
You're the one who said
this is where she belongs.
ABBY: Okay. You know what?
You--you're interrupting rehearsal.
I told you last night it's inappropriate.
I don't do it to you.
I want you out the door.
Go.
It's ridiculous.
You need some control
over your mother.
Yes?
I am much more concerned
with the choreography
in this routine
than I am with Jill and Kendall.
I need to get back into rehearsal
and make sure that this routine
is ready to go to Starpower.
-MELISSA: Why is she screaming at you?
-CHRISTI: What happened?
I didn't know what time
rehearsal was and--
MELISSA: What did she say?
-She said, get out of here.
-To you?
Mm-hmm.
ABBY: She is the one
that made you quit to begin with.
Your mother's actions,
throwing a shoe in Texas,
is why she pulled you
out of this studio.
JILL: Despite Abby's behavior,
I still want Kendall on this team.
I want her to have
these opportunities
and to dance every week
at these competitions.
ABBY: You didn't want to leave.
Now you just want to waltz right back in?
Kendall, it doesn't work like that.
KELLY: Abby has made it very clear
that she likes Kendall,
yet she doesn't like Jill.
I'm thinking maybe Abby
will let Kendall back on the team
just to piss Cathy off,
just because she hates Candy Apple
so much.
ABBY: Try to pick it up. Get in line.
This is ridiculous.
SINGER: ♪You cry,
and I want to save you tonight♪
ABBY: Get out of the way, Kendall!
We're still rehearsing the routine
with Nick and six girls.
MacKenzie was not appropriate for this,
certainly, so I let her go.
Take your belly out of here.
Go to tap.
But I have Kendall, who I'm trying
to ignore but I can't ignore.
And then I also have Paige and Nia
who are a beat behind,
especially Nia.
I'm going to cut some people.
What do you think, Gianna?
I think I would do it smaller.
ABBY: Smaller?
I just feel like Nick's part
is getting lost
because there's so much chaos going on.
I need to cut this routine
down to three girls and a boy.
I'm going to watch each girl
in rehearsal
and then make my final decision
at the competition.
Okay, Nia, I'm really
on the border with you.
I want you to concentrate on your solo.
Yes? And you have to do something
with that hair.
It's not appropriate.
Every time I look at you it's, like, fun.
HOLLY: It's routine that
they don't get picked necessarily
for a trio or a duet.
But now there's a possibility
that they will not be picked
for group numbers?
You got to be kidding me.
ABBY: Paige, I know
you're a really nice little girl.
You're teaching Kendall the number.
What happens if I put her
in instead of you?
Are you going to feel bad?
What if she ends up doing it
better than you?
Just saying.
I'm just saying.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Five, six, seven, eight,
and one, two--
oh, lock that back of that knee.
We finished? We're good?
You think that's it?
Okay.
I've called everybody together
to discuss the Drop Dead Diva part.
These mothers go on and on
about role models.
Well, I'll tell you what.
Not being happy
for someone else's success--
that's the worst role model
you could be.
I wanted to talk a little bit
about yesterday,
the role for Drop Dead Diva.
I don't know if everybody was truly happy
that Maddie got the role.
It could have been any one
of the kids that auditioned for it.
-We all congratulated Maddie.
-HOLLY: I think that (indistinct)
The girls all congratulated Maddie.
I don't know what else you want us to do.
CHRISTI: Irony of ironies,
Abby wants to reprimand all of us
for not being happy enough for Maddie
getting the role on Drop Dead Diva.
I wanted to look at her
and say, really, Ab?
Because you didn't seem
very happy when Chloe got,
I don't know, the music video,
the Joffrey audition or first place
when, you know,
you ran out of the room crying
because you were mortified.
ABBY: Well, Melissa told me
that you said it was rigged.
-HOLLY: I'm entitled to my opinion...
-Exactly.
...because I'm 42 years old
and I'm a free American citizen.
So I get to say whatever I want
and believe whatever I want.
I stand on my credentials
and my knowledge.
ABBY: That's fine.
Something you can never take away.
Then fix this hair
because it's horrible.
-Horrible.
-And why don't you fix your hair
and fix your face and your body
and everything else?
That's fine. When I join
your dance company, I'll do it.
HOLLY: If we start critiquing people,
let's start with you.
Look in the mirror.
Holly had to go after me,
you know, go for the jugular.
Look in the mirror.
Fix your own body. Fix your own hair.
Holly, let's start.
Get a padded bra.
Don't wear dresses.
What else do you want me to tell you. Huh?
And, you know what?
I got approval for those braids
when I got them put in.
Not in--from my dance company, you didn't.
-HOLLY: Yes, I did.
-It says right in it...
-...do not change your hair color.
HOLLY: And, you know what?
I did get approval for it.
And this is part of her ethnicity.
Well, it's weighing her down.
It's weighing her down.
HOLLY: There are four other people
here without a bun.
When she--when you made the bun
the last three weeks, Holly,
it's like a log coming out
of the side of her head.
And on all this, Nia--
the lunge, the arch, all of that stuff
is late and sloppy.
Your mother thinks you're early.
You're not.
HOLLY: Enough is enough.
If you want to fix someone up,
and you you're such,
like, a miss fix it, fix yourself.
Look at the mirror.
Start with the woman in the mirror
and leave my kid alone.
(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Ankle, flat back, side,
and up, and then reverse it.
Just four, five, six, seven, eight...
We're two days away
from the competition,
and I've got my hands full.
I have the solo rehearsals,
and I still haven't decided
who is going to be in the group number
and who isn't.
Contestant number blank,
entered in the title division.
(ballad music playing)
MADDIE: This week I have a lyrical solo
called "I Can't Find the Words."
And they're excited for it
because I have to write and love note.
But I know over here
there's some slamming, angry, boom,
look back, da, da, da, da, da.
That should be angry
and mad and frustrated.
MELISSA: It's basically just saying
that she loves someone
but she doesn't know how
to find the words to write it down.
So it's a really beautiful number.
ABBY: I need to see
that big, beaming smile,
the same big smile
I need to see if you win.
Beaming, happy!
I don't want Maddie to be affected
by all this Drop Dead Diva drama.
Get you to make this bigger.
The truth is...
Yes, thank you.
...jealousy and success
go hand in hand.
Maddie needs to get used to it
because she's going to be successful.
I need the girls to come in.
I need everybody to come in.
But I need you to get your crowns
and get them on that table.
I even had her bring her crowns in.
Because I want her to realize
that this is something to be proud of.
it's a huge accomplishment.
And Starpower is proud of her.
She is a little star right now.
She's the winner.
Own it. Be proud.
Rub it in their faces if you have to.
This is a piece of metal
and two combs and some rhinestones.
This does not make you a winner.
CHRISTI: What, was she saying
how many crowns have you won?
Oh.
Right. This is the best--
Let me bring these
and rub them in your face.
Exactly.
ABBY: These are recent.
This is Petite Miss Dance?
That was a toughie.
KELLY: But, once again,
you can't win a crown
if you're never sent to go.
Starbound.
Ooh, that's pretty.
Energy.
CHRISTI: And Maddie still wins,
just because she has
better choreography.
And Abby makes sure of that
every week.
She makes sure that Maddie
has the best choreography
out of this group.
And you can sit here and get mad at me,
but you know it's true.
HOLLY: There's no question.
ABBY: DEA.
Oh, running out of room.
MADDIE: I didn't wanted to show
all the crowns to the girls,
but I followed the rules and I did it.
But then the moms kind of got mad,
and I didn't like that at all.
But, Melissa,
why would you bring them?
MELISSA: She told me to.
And they called me this morning--
KELLY: But when she tells you
to bring them, say
no, my daughter's uncomfortable...
-MELISSA: She is uncomfortable.
-...doing this in front of her friends.
HOLLY: Your kid is uncomfortable.
KELLY: But you're getting them out now,
Melissa.
They already did it.
I'm not getting them out.
CHRISTI: Are you going to tattle on us?
MELISSA:
Yeah. I'm going to go tattle on you.
HOLLY: I wouldn't be surprised.
ABBY: You need to get these set up
so that you put a sticker
on the back of these.
Girls, I just want to tell you,
I don't want you to think that
Maddie's doing this
to make you feel bad.
Maddie was instructed to do this.
And I see your faces,
and I feel really bad.
ABBY: I'm sick of hearing it.
And you are taking her successes
and you're squashing them down.
She has a right to jump up
and scream and yell and be excited.
It's ridiculous.
If you want a crown, work for it.
HOLLY: What happened, Melissa?
What did she say to you?
We--she never gets excited.
I'm--you know, we squash every victory
because, you know, we don't want people
to hate her and this--
people to hate me.
I would tell Abby, kiss my ass.
I'm not bringing them in.
It's rude.
We deal with it every week.
We realize that.
-It is.
-Our kids aren't stupid.
They realize it.
ABBY: All right. Are we ready?
We're going to run it
with everybody together.
ABBY: We arrived at Starpower
in Lancaster.
The competition is huge--
tons of numbers, tons of studios,
tons of talent.
I think I've made my decision
about the group dance casting,
but I'm going to keep
that my own little secret.
What's wrong?
ABBY: Why are you always crying?
If your stomach hurts,
let's get you some medicine.
Don't cry about it.
CHRISTI: Jill is just desperate.
You know, I don't get the whole,
I made a mistake,
I want to come back thing.
No, Jill. Kendall's not on the team.
ABBY: Jill, what is wrong with her?
JILL: I'm sorry. I really don't know.
Maybe she's like, why am I here
if I'm not in the dance?
Well, maybe.
We don't know
if some of the real team members
are even in the dance at this point.
-ABBY: That's true.
-Why would Kendall be in it?
Why wouldn't they all be in it?
ABBY: Because it's my routine
and I happen to like it a certain way,
and that's it.
You can't respect that,
that she wants to be here
-and she wants to dance.
-Oh, no. I do--I do respect that.
Well, then, let her dance, Abby.
Abby wants to teach
Kendall and I a lesson,
that we have to earn our spot back.
Kendall still has all that fire
in her belly and all that potential.
And I need Abby to see that again.
ABBY: You're here as a guest,
so I don't need some whining,
crying kid. Yes?
Man up.
Can you work on some of this
with the case in your hand?
I'm a little worried about the case.
CHRISTI: That case looks good, Holly.
Nia, I mean. You did it.
ABBY: Uh-uh. Uh-uh.
I just corrected that.
(dramatic music playing)
-KELLY: Aw, Nia.
-HOLLY: Stop.
Stop.
Nia is practicing her solo,
and all of a sudden,
I see out of the corner of my eye
and she just stops and she freezes.
And I'm like, oh, no.
What--what's wrong?
I forgot my number.
I'm like, no.
KELLY: Maybe because
the music's not on.
-HOLLY: No.
-CHRISTI: You want the music, honey?
That is not true.
Get that out of your head.
You know the dance.
You did the dance several times.
Suck it up.
Get your game face on.
You know the dance.
ABBY: Good mom. Don't coddle.
Take a deep breath.
Take your breath.
NIA: When Miss Abby is rehearsing
my solo in the dressing room
I got freaked out
because I almost forgot a part.
I really want to be in the group dance.
But if I mess up my solo,
I'm not going to be in the group dance.
ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen,
how about a nice Lancaster
welcome for "Workin' Girl," Nia.
(applause)
("Working Girl" playing)
HOLLY: Sitting in the audience,
I know Nia just forgot the dance
and I'm a basket case.
SINGER: ♪Move over, amateurs♪
♪Taking mine, taking yours♪
♪Uh, somebody better hold my purse♪
♪ Mm-hmm ♪
♪ Figure it out like Nancy Drew ♪
♪Catch up quick like Halleloo♪
♪I'm a pro♪
♪I am a professional pro♪
♪I'm at work♪
♪I came to work♪
♪I told y'all I was a professional pro♪
♪Pro♪
♪I'm a pro♪
♪I am a professional pro♪
♪What? I'm a pro♪
♪What? I came to work♪
♪Didn't you see my badge?♪
♪I am a professional♪
(cheering and applause)
MACKENZIE: If I did the death drop,
I would be really scared.
ABBY: She came out with a bang.
And she never let up
until the death drop.
(cheering)
HOLLY: My child got a standing ovation.
That never happens
at a dance competition.
I am a proud mama.
ANNOUNCER: Judges, your next act's
going to be entry number 138.
Please help me welcome
to the Starpower stage, Maddie,
performing "I Can't Find the Words."
(cheering and applause)
("I Can't Find the Words" playing)
SINGER: ♪I want you here♪
♪I wish you'd stay♪
♪If I could speak♪
♪That's what I'd say♪
(applause)
SINGER: ♪All the letters and spaces♪
♪Are wrong here,
wrong here, wrong here♪
(cheering and applause)
(upbeat music playing)
MELISSA: Over all, I think Maddie did
a beautiful job on her solo.
I just wish it was a little longer.
-(cheering and applause)
-(indistinct)
(upbeat music playing)
ANNOUNCER: Please help me welcome
to the Starpower stage,
Paige, performing "Creme de la Creme".
(cheering and applause)
("Creme de la Creme" playing)
SINGER: ♪Oh, yeah♪
♪Oh, yeah♪
(cheering and applause)
SINGER: ♪You got the know how
and you know how to deliver♪
♪Yeah♪
(cheering and applause)
SINGER:
♪You're the best that's ever been♪
♪The creme de la creme♪
♪You're the best of the best♪
♪You're the creme de la creme♪
♪And the more that you do,
the better it gets♪
♪Make them stop♪
♪Make them stare♪
♪No one else can compare♪
♪You're the best that's ever been ♪
♪ The creme de la creme♪
(cheering and applause)
ABBY: Paige applied
every single correction I made
in her private lesson.
She remembered her number,
it was good.
She hit everything.
If she wants a private from now on,
I'm going to give them to her.
PAIGE: Nia, Maddie and I are all
competing against each other.
And I wish we weren't
because we're all good friends.
ANNOUNCER:
And now, ladies and gentlemen,
in one of our toughest
nine to 11 categories
we've seen in a long time,
here's our top 10 Power Division.
HOLLY: The last time Nia did Laquifa,
the judges didn't care for it so much.
But she's maturing,
and that bundle of energy was there.
ANNOUNCER:
Ninth place regional champion,
and the fiercest attitude
special award goes to...
Nia, number 109.
(applause)
HOLLY: Although this a spot
of anxiety and turmoil
with the group dance,
the solo performance for Nia
was a high point
of my Abby Lee Dance experience.
I'm so proud of my little girl.
Sixth place regional champion...
Paige, number 139A.
(applause)
KELLY: This competition
was very difficult.
Even to place in the top 10
was an accomplishment.
This is amazing.
Only 3/10 of a point separated
first from second.
MADDIE: I'm really happy
with my solo performance.
But the competition's really hard,
and I hope it was good enough.
And now, ladies and gentlemen,
by only 3/10 of a point,
your highest scoring nine to 11 soloist
here in Lancaster, Pennsylvania will be...
(drumroll)
...Maddie, 138A.
(cheering and applause)
ABBY: Maddie won the high score top 10.
She was it. She won it again.
Way to go. Congratulations.
Name of your studio?
Abby Lee Dance Company.
ABBY: I wanted every single
one of my solo entries
to place in the top 10, and they did.
(cheers and applause)
Hey!
-That's my girl!
-Congratulations!
Woo-hoo!
Congratulations.
Top 10, good job.
Can I have a bow
or, no, we're not doing that, yet?
No, no, no, no.
In fact, Kendall,
who gave you the bow in your hair?
The girls are going to be wearing
white bows in their hair
for this group routine.
But I haven't told anybody
who's in the group routine, yet.
So why on earth does Kendall
have a white bow in her hair
and nobody else does?
Jill, who gave you that bow?
(cheering and applause)
ANNOUNCER: A Junior Miss
Starpower contestant 114
will be next, judges, number 114.
Kendall, who gave you the bow
in your hair?
Kids should not go and take things
that don't belong to them.
She didn't take it.
Melissa said, here are bows for everybody.
I picked one up and I put it in her hair.
ABBY: Okay. Well, newsflash,
Melissa doesn't own the studio.
You actually accused me
of stealing a $2 bow?
Are you kidding me?
ABBY: She just grabbed it
and stuck it on her kid's head thinking,
my kid's going to get a bow
because of my kid's doing
this group dance.
You talk about manners
with the kids all the time.
-Wait a minute.
-JILL: That is rude...
-Wait a minute!
-...of you to say in front of my child
that I would steal a (bleep) bow!
ABBY: Every single one of these kids
has their hair done
and nobody has a bow on their head.
JILL: I don't steal from anybody.
And not one of those moms
stands up for me, again.
ABBY: You wasted a whole lot of my time.
I don't have time for it.
I've had enough of Jill's nonsense,
distracting me from my real focus.
This routine is important to me
because I want to win at Starpower.
Let's see Paige, Brooke and Nick.
Let's go.
I want to see your standing back tuck.
Oh, easy.
-(applause)
-PAIGE: Ooh, I'll do mine, too.
-Ready?
-MELISSA: No.
Do not do your standing back tuck.
PAIGE: Can I try it, Miss Abby?
I want to eat my lunch.
You better do it.
(crunch)
KELLY: Paige hurts her foot.
I just can't win.
ABBY: Can you curl your toes?
Did you come down on it this way
or digging it?
-ABBY: Digging it.
KELLY: Paige is really upset
about her foot.
I'm surprised she's not crying.
Okay. Well, don't tape her.
You're not in the dance.
You got to get the foot checked.
Paige could have been in that group.
But, you know what?
I can't risk her injuring herself
any further.
All right. We have Paige out
by default with an injury.
JILL: It's my hope that if Paige
can't dance with these kids,
Abby's going to need Kendall.
ABBY: Nia, you are not
in the number today.
Don't make a big deal out of it.
You did a great job in your solo.
I couldn't be prouder.
Kendall, you are not in the dance.
Abby, I'm just curious.
Do you--do you enjoy
watching this, right here?
Does that make you happy?
CHRISTI: Jill, if anybody should dance,
it should be Nia.
This is between us.
ABBY: We have had a wonderful day.
JILL: I hope you're really happy, Abby.
ABBY: I think Jill is from
the me, myself and I generation.
She is only concerned with herself.
All right. Let me see Brooke,
Chloe, Maddie and Nick.
(tense music playing)
ABBY: Frantic! Frantic!
I have a boy and three girls.
I got my routine.
You need to look comfortable with him.
Some of it still looks awkward.
(upbeat music playing)
ANNOUNCER: We're going to go back
to entry number 241
Power Division Contemporary,
age nine to 11.
Please help me welcome
to the Starpower stage, number 241.
(cheering and applause)
("Save You Tonight" playing)
SINGER:
♪You say you've lost your faith♪
♪There's nothing more to live for♪
♪I reach out to touch your face♪
CHRISTI: I think Nick
is the pinnacle of this dance.
I think he adds so much dimension
and character
because each one he partnered,
he showcased them.
And that's what a good partner does.
It showcases the girl.
SINGER: ♪You cry,
and I want to save you tonight♪
♪Your dark eyes flash with despair♪
♪You won't be saved by my kiss♪
♪I just met you ♪
♪ And I can't let you--you cry♪
♪And I want to save you tonight♪
(cheering and applause)
MELISSA: It was great.
I really think they have
an amazing chance of winning.
ABBY: It was a great performance.
I made the right decision
with one boy and three girls.
ANNOUNCER:
Nine to 11 Small Group--
third place,
"Hey You," Studio Blue, 251.
(applause)
Second place,
"Prayer of the Children,"
263 from Studio Blue.
(applause)
And now, in our nine to 11 small group,
your top score,
the champion today will be...
"Twilight!"
(cheering and applause)
ANNOUNCER: Who gets the money?
All right. Thank you.
Congratulations girls and guy.
ABBY: Our group dance,
once again, number one.
What's the name of your studio, guy?
Abby Lee Dance Company.
-(cheering and applause)
-ANNOUNCER: Top 10, take a bow!
Let's hear it for the top 10!
We did it. I couldn't be more grateful.
(cheering)
Here they go!
Congratulations!
I think all of our victories
were really earned
and very well-deserved.
Congratulations!
MELISSA: Isn't it awesome?
Once again,
I think I proved I was right.
Jill, nothing to say?
No last remarks?
Not really.
Bottom line, Abby's dancers won.
And that is exactly why
I need my daughter
to be at Abby Lee Miller's dance company.
ABBY: You stick a bow in your kid's hair
and think they're going to go on stage
and be in a competition number?
JILL: That's not why I put
the bow in her hair, Abby.
It's just not that easy.
I know what I'm doing.
When the time is right--
Well, how about then you let me know?
I won't be back until you let me know
when the time is right.
I told you before that
I would think about it.
Sh, sh.
Did you shush me?
Yes, I did.
When the time is right for you,
if we're still available,
you contact me and you say,
okay, I would like for Kendall...
No. I don't call students.
-JILL: ...to be a student.
-I don't solicit students.
Okay. Then I don't--
then what do you want?
Abby knew all along
that she was not going to allow Kendall
to dance in that group number.
I realize that Abby is a punisher
and she punished Kendall and I.
What you say goes.
You don't care about the kids.
You don't care about anybody
but yourself.
-That's terrible.
-Why would I be in this business
if I didn't care about their futures?
JILL: Well, then why don't you care
about this one's?
You're the one that screwed her up!
If you think that I own a dance studio--
JILL: You know what?
I really want you to be quiet.
-I don't care what you think.
-You know what?
Who do you think you are?
JILL: Who do you think you are,
hurting a little child?
You people all suck,
every one of you.
You're being insane!
I'm insane?
Melissa is the only one
who ever comes to her aid.
What is wrong with you people?
They have learned from Abby,
the biggest bully in the block.
And now they're bullying, too.
This is going cost me a lot of money
in therapy.
ABBY: Stop. Stop.
-This is not worth it.
-Because she's embarrassed!
-She's mortified of your behavior!
-JILL: She's humiliated!
I think Jill is having a mid-life crisis.
Kendall should come to class.
-JILL: She did.
-ABBY: It starts in class, Jill.
JILL: Abby's acting like
a total immature baby,
and I'm not going to let this happen again
to my child and I.
She's just sick.
I can't believe I'm sitting here
and that woman walked out, again.
(laughs)